yeah come on over come on out having
captured his owners attention we can
practice another skill it's not easy
being green mimicry isn't as unnatural
as it seemed wild parakeets mimic each
other and each family learns their own
distinct calls never shake a baby bird
that would surely be absurd this budgie
is just doing what he would do in the
floor even having a name may not be as
unnatural as it seems
disco and I know it I'm just go and I
know it wild parrots have been shown to
assign special calls to name their
offspring
just as we name our own pet bungees in
turn young parrots learn these names and
use them to introduce themselves this
extraordinary ability may mean that
disco has a sense of his own identity
yet sadly seems so at times talking is
now a game a way to express wild
behavior in the confines of his home
Disko has memorized over 130 phrases in
all